[Dx 720] - Update Release Landing Page With Latest Component Versions (#3640)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/developer-support/third-party-dependencies.md

---

> title: Third Party Dependencies

Reviewer: @dcs3spp should we mention that this page is not just a list of dependencies but also the supported versions?

description: This page summarises 3rd Party Dependencies
layout: dependencies
---

> This page summarises the third party dependencies used by Tyk Open Source and licensed components.

Reviewer: Same as above, @dcs3spp, we  should add that wording explaining that this page provides the supported versions?

> This page summarises the third party dependencies used by Tyk Open Source and licensed components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page details the third-party dependencies that Tyk components rely on, including the relevant supported and tested versions
```
